Update docs (#371)
exercism/reasonml: README.md

We welcome all contributions, both large and small.

> Please read about how to [get involved in a track](https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main/building/tracks). Be sure to read the Exercism [Code of Conduct](https://exercism.io/code-of-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read about how to [get involved in a track](https://exercism.org/docs/building/tracks).
Be sure to read the Exercism [Code of Conduct](https://exercism.org/docs/using/legal/code-of-conduct).
```

> Fixes and improvements to existing exercises are welcome. Please note that this track's exercises must conform to the Exercism-wide standards described in the [documentation](https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main). If you're unsure about how to make a change, then go ahead and open a GitHub issue, and we'll discuss it.

Author: I'm happy to keep adding lessons and updating the docs if you think it will increase the popularity of the track. 

Because there is a lot of overlap between OCaml and Reason, I was thinking about copying some of the parts of the exercise generation and templating from the OCaml track and trying to make it work with the current test runner. This is some time away though if I were to attempt it .

> Fixes and improvements to existing exercises are welcome. Please note that this track's exercises must conform to the Exercism-wide standards described in the [documentation](https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main). If you're unsure about how to make a change, then go ahead and open a GitHub issue, and we'll discuss it.

Reviewer 2: Name recognition likely drives the student numbers. In a year, Batch Script gained 1.4k students with only 21 exercises. In nine months, Arturo gained 200 students with 71 exercises. 

Most tracks have several dozen exercises implemented now because of the previous 12in23 and 48in23 challenges. Adding exercises won’t make a track stick out nowadays. However, they could help with student retention if the additional exercises cover topics or difficulty levels not adequately covered by existing exercises.

If you want to draw more students in, I’d suggest publicizing the track’s existence and finding an audience. Is there a ReasonML community forum or Discord server perhaps?

## Submitting a Pull Request

> Pull requests should be focused on a single exercise, issue, or conceptually cohesive change. Please refer to Exercism's [pull request guidelines](https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/building/github/contributors-pull-request-guide.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull requests should be focused on a single exercise, issue, or conceptually cohesive change.
Please refer to Exercism's [pull request guidelines](https://exercism.org/docs/building/github/contributors-pull-request-guide).
```

Before submitting your pull request, you'll want to verify the changes in two ways:

> - Run all the tests for the ReasonML exercises. There is a top level Makefile, run: `make`.
> - Run checks on the repo using [configlet](https://github.com/exercism/docs/tree/main/building/configlet). From the top level, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run all the tests for the ReasonML exercises.
  There is a top level Makefile, run: `make`.
- Run checks on the repo using [configlet](https://exercism.org/docs/building/configlet).
  From the top level, run:
```
